#summary Feedback from Andy on release 0.5
_(NWW: I've struck out the items that are now fixed, and added comments)_

 * overall look and feel : pretty positive. It only really be clear as we use up more real estate putting search stuff in etc, but I think its good. The formatted display of information from resources is I would say already actually better than VO Desktop.

 * ~~on Safari,the SAMP/login parts are inside the same box frame, whereas in Firefox and Opera they are separate... on WinXP/IE~~

 * opening and closing resources : probably ok, but I just have a wee feeling that an up-down arrow somewhere in the corner would make it clearer.
    * NWW: it's hard to see where to put an arrow - it'd need to be repeated on each row, and would have to be in the left-most column of the table so as to be always visible. (as the table can grow off the right hand side of the screen). However,doing this would take up a lot of important screen space. I notice that GMail doesn't have any kind of visual indicator in it's table either. However, on GMail the mouse does change to a 'clickable' pointer when over a row in the table- the ravioli table doesn't do this at the moment - I'll see if I can add this.

 * search box acting on click only rather than return : I wouldn't worry. The structure of the search/filter area is going to be crucial ... but I will restrain myself until it starts !

 * there seems to be some inconsistency in whether an opened resource is still open when you go back to it, eg after doing "show table metadata". I am struggling to spot whats going on here, so may get back after more testing
   * NWW: shoow table metadata should just display in a new window/tab - leaving the original page unchanged. Are you really seeing any problems, or are you just getting tabs muddled.

 * ~~collapsing uninteresting things : descriptions can be quite long... how about default of first 5 lines, with a +more button ?~~

 * "wavebands" should probably in the top right list along with subject, short name etc ?
   * NWW: not moved. There's other 'coverage' fields in the main body - e.g. 'footprint service'; and, if a miracle happens, this is where I'd format the STC info too. There's also some other bitty little fields like 'Access Rights', 'Facilities', etc that are formatted here too. Sadly, if a resource is only partially described, you only see one of these fields appearing - so it looks a little bit isolated. But I want to keep the right-hand list for fields that sort-of have secondary importance (either this stuff isn't very interesting, or is also available as a table column). Whilst fields that are more important/only appear in some cases I thought to keep in the main body. I'm prepared to have my mind changed here..

 =cone search=
  * not clear how important this is if we have SAMP link to Topcat, and filtering by posn in sidebar .. but it does help that there is something you can do with a resource straight away.
  * NWW: at present, SAMP will only pass a VOTABLE to Topcat, not a resource (ie. can only pass the result of a query, not a resource to query upon). Until Ravioli and Topcat can SAMP-message resources, this needs to stay.

  * how about a switch to sexagesimal button ?
    * ugh. ok. A pain to code, but I've added it to my todo list.
  * ~~tooltip should specify equinox assumed (normally (always?) 2000)~~
  * ~~units of radius not specified~~ 
  * minimal/more/all choice : only appears sometimes ? set by publisher ? 
    * yep - part of the registration, whether the 'verbose' parameter is supported.
  * using the NVO table viewer.. regardless of where it works and doesn't, I can't decide whether this is positively good or positively bad ... what we really need is our own table viewer. As it happens, Bob has been muttering about a STILTS-in-browser version for ages... and it might be something else an MSc student can do. 
    * NWW:  NVO table viewer loads entire table data into browser, via javascript - so will have problems for large results. It wouldn't take me long to code up a separate application to do paged table viewing (I'd use the same table browser component as I'm using for ravioli - this supports server-side pagination,).
  * maybe we can offer a choice of viewers... makes more sense to decide this once we have searching and SAMP set up ?
   * NWW: I've looked for other web-based table viewers, but can't find any. Odd - expected there to be one from CDS/ESA/ESO. Still, I've added configuration options so that additional table viewers can be easily plugged in.
   
  * it worked ok on safari for me !
      * NWW:Odd, always fails for me. with `Failed to load XSL for undefined view: Response from '/vo/squery//xsl/voview-safari.xsl' is not XML?`

 =SIAP search=
  * get/show data is ambiguous here; its returning a list of images, not the images. Maybe it can say just that : "get/show image list" 
  * "show data" in NVO viewer works ok : clicking on the FITS link downloads the actual image just fine
  *  "get data" produces an html file that displays in a browser, but not very nicely, and doesn't give you an obvious way to get the images.. somewhat to my surprise, it does open on topcat.. but you still can't do anything with it.
      * NWW: this is browser dependent. OSX Safari - just displays the text of the VOTABLE file. Firefox - displays the VOTABLE file as XML - but you're right, the image links aren't clickable. Nothing we can do about this, as the VOTABLE is coming direct from the Cone search service - ravioli doesn't intercept it at all.
      * NWW: As for topcat, you need to set the 'Activation Action' to 'View Url as Image'. (as Topcat doesn't know that this VOTABLE is a SIAP response as such).

=SSAP search=
  * show data doesn't even seem to provide clickable links ...
   * NWW: yep, I see this with some SIAP services too - depends on how compliant the service is - there's a few different rules and heuristics for detecting the 'url' column. Obviously the NVO table browser isn't using them all. Me, I'd just make a link out of anything starting 'http://', no matter where it was..

 * Web service base URL : people will click on this and be puzzled ! It is really for applications, not people.
   * NWW: it should be hidden in the 'other Capabilities' block - isb't this enough. Maybe 'Other capabilities; should be retitled?

 * Web Form : fine.

 * SAMP connect : twirly thing for a long time then nothing happens.. ? how do I stop it ?

 * download table from vizier : yup, good 
 * show table metadata : yup fine

=ADS stuff=
 People will soon realise this mostly provides links to the same pages that you get on ADS itself; but thats ok, its still nice; and the straight to PDF bit is one step quicker to what you want.

Regarding what you see when, I suggest completely collapsed at start (as now); but on click authors/abstract box is open by default; but can then be collapsed.
   * NWW: I've got it the other way round for now - to keep it consistent with the rest of the site - displays the title, and links, with a 'more..' link to display authors, abstract.

What we really want someday is for someone to find a paper in ADS and see a link that says "show related resource in Ravioli..."

 *  ~~what about a "view XML source" option ? Would open in a new tab, like "get data". DC workers and developers would like this.~~

 =TAP access=
  * default : sometimes sensible (eg select top 100 from iras_psc) and sometimes not - as at  ivo://wfau.roe.ac.uk/ssa-dsa where the default table is "field system" ... should maybe be "source". How is this picked ? Can we do anything about this ? Not obvious unless publisher supplies it. 
      * NWW: can't do anything about it. I just pick the first table from the table metadata, and hope that the publisher has put the most important table first. AFAIK, the spec doesn't provide a way to indicate which tables are more important - nor does it provide a way to give a test query (unlike for cone, etc). Two suggestions for the next version of TAP, methinks.
  * maybe in this box the "show table metadata" link should be repeated. 
    *NWW: it's often right above the query box - depending what other capabilities are present. I've added a hint to the associated tooltip.
  * Show data : I tried running a few and got an error on NVO Table viewer and got this error :
{{{
Error: Input is not a standard VOTable Root node is {http://www.ivoa.net/xml/VOTable/v1.2} VOTABLE Should be VOTABLE or {http://www.ivoa.net/xml/VOTable/v1.1} VOTABLE
}}}
      * NWW: so NVO table viewer can't handle latest version of votable schema either. Another reason to implement our own..
  * get data : returns something Topcat understands just fine, but is called "DirectCone.htm" which seems odd.
      * NWW: out of our control - comes straight from the server. Name depends on the server used. I often see results called just 'sync'.