#summary One month to go - What to do?

= Choices =
We're not going to get to do everything we hoped. On this page I'm going to list what absolutely must be done, and things that _could_ be done - then it's up to us to agree what things to do. 

Tasks that depends on other tasks are nested - apart from that, there's no ordering constraints.

= Costs=
In the last month, I'm confident I could do ALL the 'Must be fixed', 'smallish' and 'medium' things (plus 'Blocked' if the voparis chaps come back to me). 

But note that this would not give us a rich query builder, or any user lists - so the result would essentially be a nice, but not-personalized registry browser.

The alternatives would be to either a) concentrate on the registry query builder or b) concentrate on user login/lists/annotations/groups for a week or two, see how much progess I make, and then re-asses. Or you could choose public vanity publishing as the one last feature to add, and I'd just concentrate on that.

-------------


==Must be Fixed==
  * Fix harvesting of resources with '+' in name

==Smallish Things==

  * Add sexagesimal to query forms
  * Fix registry table glitches - jitters, and spacing.

== Medium Things==
  * Web-based VOTABLE viewer
  * User Help pages
  * Implementation & Dev docs - make it easier for someone else to develop ravioli
  * Administration Docs - so someone else can keep the ravioli site running
  * Bulk operations on resources

== Big Things==

  * Registry query builder
  * User registration and login (half done already)
      * annotation (comments, tags, flags) of resources
      * create/edit/delete user's own resource lists
          * import / export of lists
      * Public vanity publishing - just a resource
         * public publishing of tables
         * public publishing of images
         * Add Harvest webservice - so other registries can see these resources
      * create & manage groups
           * share lists & annotations with groups
           * vanity publishing to a group
      * collaboration tools - status, messaging boards, wiki

==Blocked==
  * SAMP Resource messaging.